# Framework-2.0
This is my Python script created to digitalise a decision making framework to facilitate the choice of faecal sludge treatment technologies in developing countries.

# Disclaimer: 

The decision-making framework provided in this document has been developed as part of a master's degree project in civil engineering. It is important to note that I am not an expert in the field of faecal sludge treatment technologies. Although I have dedicated considerable time and effort to research and review relevant literature during a span of four months, there may be aspects that have been overlooked or areas where the framework could be further improved.

The outputs and suggestions generated by this framework are intended to provide guidance and support in the decision-making process. However, it is crucial to understand that they should not be considered as definitive or absolute. The framework's recommendations are based on the information available at the time of development and the assumptions made within the model. 

Users of this framework should exercise caution and consider consulting with domain experts, conducting additional research, and taking local factors and specific project requirements into account before making any final decisions. I do not assume any responsibility or liability for the misuse or misinterpretation of the framework or its outputs. The ultimate responsibility for decision-making rests with the users of this framework.

# How to use the framework
This framework was coded using Python in the Jupyter Notebook environment. 
If you would like to use it, simply download Anaconda on your laptop. You will also want to download the following packages that are used during the analysis by entering this line in the command prompt: 
"pip install plotly dataframe_image customtkinter -U kaleido treelib"
Then, write 'jupyter notebook' in the command prompt and enter. This should redirect you to the jupyter notebook environment
Upload the file to your library. 
Once uploaded, open the file and press run at the top of the script, read the instructions and answer the prompts. 
The output at the end is the technology group that was found most suitable for the inputs you provided. 

Please contact me at emg119@ic.ac.uk if you have any questions on how to run this script or how this framework was developed! 
